good morning this is Jonathan hood
reporting from green lifestyle
consulting and I want to show you how to
clean a cast iron griddle and how easy
it can be one of the things that I was
afraid of with cast iron is that the
cleaning was going to be difficult
remembering back to Boy Scouts and
cleaning out a Dutch oven after camping
with it so when you have a griddle and
you've cooked some something on it
that's not oil and stuff then it looks
like this it's really easy you just need
to wipe off the excess oil and you're
pretty much set to go I recommend using
some paper towels and a set of tongs so
that you don't burn your hands this pan
is still hot from cooking and you can
just wipe the excess oil off make sure
you get it and you can see how it's got
a little bit of dirt on there so we
might put just a little bit of cooking
oil on there to rub in a little bit to
get some of the grease from the food
we're eating absorbed and cleaned up you
can just rub it around let's take a
close-up look
consits coming off pretty clean and here
the bottom just a quick coat make sure
we have everything off and we're all set
you might notice that I'm using a handle
cover that's because the pan is still
pretty hot to the touch
best to clean it when it's still warm
but you don't want to do it when it's
burning hot alright thank you have a
great day this is Jonathan hunt signing
off for green lifestyle consulting